Add description for license URL (#1094)
contao/docs: docs/manual/file-manager/meta-data.en.md

    </figure>
</div>
```

**License URL**
{{< version "4.13" >}}

> The license URL is displayed on the corresponding page on which the image is embedded in [JSON-LD format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON-LD") as [SCHEMA-ImageObject entry](https://schema.org/ImageObject "SCHEMA-ImageObject") included to comply with licensing notices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the page on which the image is embedded the license URL is used in the [SCHEMA-ImageObject](https://schema.org/ImageObject "SCHEMA-ImageObject") of the [JSON-LD](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON-LD") to comply with licensing notices.
```

**The HTML output**
The license URL generates the following HTML code:

```html
<script type="application/ld+json">
[
    {
        "@context": "https:\/\/schema.org",
        "@graph": [
        ...
            {
                "@id": "#\/schema\/image\/406494fa-4de4-11ed-abcf-001a4a0502b4",
                "@type": "ImageObject",
                "caption": "Contao CMS",
                "contentUrl": "assets\/images\/c\/contao_extensions-c6607fb7.png",
                "license": "https:\/\/www.gnu.org\/licenses\/lgpl-3.0.html",
                "name": "Contao CMS"
            }
        ]
    },
    ...
]
</script>
```

> To specify the license URL under the image on the page, you can add the following code to the image.html5 template:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display the license URL under the image on the page you can add the following code to the `image.html5` template:
```

```php

> <?php if($this->license): ?><p class="ce_image__license" ><?= $this->license ?></p><?php endif; ?>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<?php if ($this->license): ?><p class="ce_image__license" ><?= $this->license ?></p><?php endif; ?>
```
